Fixed #34040 -- Removed autofocus from admin search box. (#16114)
django/django: docs/releases/4.2.txt

  :attr:`~django.contrib.admin.ModelAdmin.filter_vertical` widgets are now
  filterable.

> * The autofocus was removed from the search box

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
* The `autofocus` attribute was removed from the search box due to accessibility
   considerations.
```

  :attr:`~django.contrib.admin.ModelAdmin.filter_vertical` widgets are now
  filterable.

* The ``autofocus`` attribute was removed from the search box due to accessibility

>    considerations.

Reviewer 2: ticket-34040 was classified as a bug, so release notes are unnecessary.

Reviewer: Also my bad - it seemed useful to me in case someone wondered why it wasn't working anymore - it is a noticeable change in behaviour.

Reviewer 2: We can leave it if you think it's helpful, but it should be moved to the _"Backwards incompatible changes in 4.2 -> Miscellaneous"_.

Author: Sounds reasonable, will do

> * The ``autofocus`` attribute was removed from the search box due to accessibility
>    considerations.

Reviewer 2: Maybe :thinking: :
```suggestion
* The ``autofocus`` HTML attribute in the admin search box is removed as it can
  be confusing for screen readers.
```
